Restore codereview-roasted skill + roasted PR review automation (#24)
enyst/.openhands: skills/codereview-roasted/README.md

# Codereview Roasted

Brutally honest code review in the style of Linus Torvalds, focusing on data structures, simplicity, and pragmatism. Use when you want critical, no-nonsense feedback that prioritizes engineering fundamentals over style preferences.

## Triggers

- `/codereview-roasted`

## Why this skill exists

> Upstream [OpenHands/extensions#175](https://github.com/OpenHands/extensions/pull/175) merged `codereview-roasted` into the unified `code-review` skill and, in the process, sanded off the persona — "the engineering mindset of Linus Torvalds" became "think projects like Linux, PostgreSQL, the JVM, or the Go standard library", and "Linus's Three Questions" became "these Three Questions".

Author: ```suggestion
This is a review with the Linus persona — using "the engineering mindset of Linus Torvalds", and "Linus's Three Questions".
```
